Let's begin the implementation.
So we're going to first go over inside of our tickets service to our ticket model file.
Inside of here.
We're going to add in the idea of a order ID being tied to a ticket.
So to get started, I'm going to go down to my schema and I'm going to say that in addition to these
three properties, we're also going to have an order ID property as well.
We're going to say that this is going to be of type string.
Again, with a capital S right there and we are not going to market as being required because when a
ticket is first created, there is not going to be any order associated with it.
Well, then go back up to our ticket doc interface.
So we need to make sure that TypeScript understands that a ticket document or an instance of a ticket
has an order ID property as well.
It will add in order.
ID is going to be a type string.
The other thing we're going to do on this property inside the interface, we're going to make sure that
we mark this as optional because again, when we first create a ticket, there will not be an order
ID associated with it.
So to make sure that it's clear that this is going to be an optional property, we're going to put on
a question mark right there.
And that tells TypeScript that order ID is going to be either a string or possibly undefined.
Yes.
That is it for our ticket model file.
They'll say this and then go back over to the listener.
So inside the listener.
Let's write a couple of comments just to guide ourselves on how we're going to put this together.
First, we need to reach into our tickets collection and find the ticket that the order is reserving.
If we do not find the ticket, we should throw an heir.
So if no ticket throw heir because presumably maybe our events are out of order or something like that.
Maybe we erroneously said that a ticket was being reserved when the ticket didn't even exist.
Who knows?
After that, we will then mark the ticket as being reserved by setting its order ID property.
We'll save the ticket.
And then finally EQ the message.
That's it.
Now that we know what we're going to go through here, let's start the implementation.
First off, in order to run a query and find some particular ticket inside of our tickets collection,
naturally we need our ticket model.
So at the very top, I will import our ticket model from up three directory or two directories.
My mistake.
It's inside of our test folder that we need to go up three directories.
Here we go.
We'll get our ticket model.
So we'll go ahead and attempt to find the ticket that this order is mentioning, where the event is
mentioning.
So let's say ticket is a weight ticket defined by ID data dot ticket ID.
That is the ticket that we're trying to reserve.
We'll then check to see if a ticket was actually found.
So if there is not a ticket.
Let's just throw a plain air.
That's a ticket not found.
After that, we'll then set the order ID property on the ticket itself.
The ticket set?
Order ID.
Two data ID.
That is the idea of the order that was just created.
Well, then save the ticket.
So a simple a ticket.
Save.
And then finally act the message.
Remember second argument right there.
We will take a look at the message and call back on it.
And that's pretty much it.
So I'd say this looks pretty reasonable as usual.
Let's take a pause right here and then write out a couple of tests just to make sure that this thing
is working as expected.